That is the favorite daughter of the head of state
He actually returned home.
below princess
Why are you here?
Where is this princess going?
Do you still want to report to you Wang Chongyao?
No, no, no, I dare not
Wang Chongyao
Haven't you been fired by my father?
How dare you make a big splash here?
Princess Xiawen, I can't help it either.
Just these people at the scene
Someone wants my life
I was defending myself.
Mom among you
Who is the creator of the colorful clouds?
Princess Xiawen is this Mr. Linze
You are suitable for him
private matter private matter
Did he have a holiday with Princess Xiawen?
Lin Tze, you really can do it.
Even Princess Xiawen dared to offend
The Führer's favorite princess
Heaven's Lady Under the Dragon
Offended him
It's like offending the whole lobster
You're looking for me, Linze, right?
Are you making it easy for this princess to find?
Do we know each other?
Why can't I find you if I don't know you?
My calm son
The princess officially announced
Lin Ce is the concubine of my dragon